INTMDB-855: Add Troubleshooting.md to include issue with using dynamic in Terraform (#1240)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/troubleshooting.html.markdown

---
layout: "mongodbatlas"
page_title: "Provider: MongoDB Atlas"
sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-troubleshooting"
description: |-
  The MongoDB Atlas provider is used to interact with the resources supported by MongoDB Atlas. The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.
---

# Troubleshooting

> The following are some of the common issues/errors encountered when using Terraform Provider for MongoDB Atlas :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are some of the common issues/errors encountered when using Terraform Provider for MongoDB Atlas:
```

> ## Issue: Order of element objects in a TypeList attribute randomly changes everytime user runs `terraform plan`:

Reviewer: Suggest adding a couple words to make it a complete sentence. It doesn't need to be, but I think it's easier to understand this way
```suggestion
## Issue: The order of element objects in a TypeList attribute randomly changes every time a user runs `terraform plan`:
```

### Cause:

> This problem occurs if the user is trying to dynamically add object to an attribute List, for example, by using `dynamic`. This is a known Terraform behavior as `dynamic` can attempt bring objects into schema in any order. 
> 

Reviewer: Several minor suggestions (for consistent language and clarity) 
```suggestion
This issue occurs if the user tries to dynamically add objects to an attribute list (for example, by using `dynamic`). This is a known Terraform behavior, as `dynamic` can attempt to bring objects into a schema in any order. 

```

This can be resolved by:

1. Defining a static list of objects in your resource as shown in the example below:

```
resource "mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster" "main" {
  name         = "advanced-cluster-1"
  project_id   = "64258fba5c9...e5e94617e"
  cluster_type = "REPLICASET"

  replication_specs {
    region_configs {
      electable_specs {
        instance_size = "M20"
        node_count    = 1
      }
      provider_name = "AWS"
      priority      = 7
      region_name   = "US_EAST_1"
    }

    region_configs {
      electable_specs {
        instance_size = "M20"
        node_count    = 1
      }
      provider_name = "AWS"
      priority      = 6
      region_name   = "EU_WEST_1"
    }
  }
}
```

> 2. User can try to maintain order when using `dynamic` by using a `type = list()` variable as shown in the example below:

Reviewer: Suggest reframing this as the second step in a procedure/ using the same language as step 1
```suggestion
2. Using a `type = list()` variable when using `dynamic` as shown in the example below:
```
